hey everybody so a lot of people were
saying wow when you gonna make that BBC
club and that Barbie Channel
well it was all lies so uh yeah lols
JK's okay there April Fool's it was a
joke
we're not making a BBC club and no
Barbies we're staying with beyblades you
know I actually got people someone
asking me what I'm making that channel
yeah I know I love they're trolling me
or not and in the end we're like JK I
guess it wasn't you know Thurl enough
let's say JK I don't know it wasn't a
serious enough JK you know it was a fun
video to me it was super funny because
we had to go to Toys R Us and we had to
film all this like Barbie parts and
everything and take all those pictures
and then customers and other employees
work up walking around delay it's kind
of aux but it was worth it right it's
pretty funny video so yeah you know the
comments is so funny they're like wow
you guys serious and I posted that um
Barbie of the week on Facebook if you
like wow you like Barbies though and
then there's I'm so I'm solvent you
probably lost like ten thousand friends
on YouTube so yeah maybe we should have
done that but we're fake yeah when
you're so scared you guys like you
believe it yeah but so yeah there is a
few people who do believe it but yeah
we're just here Eddy yep here and we'll
finally found the right partner for us
you start yeah yeah okay finally
introduce you guys to a whole new line
of toys BPG history definitely
introducing my beat I'll say with you
I'll stay with you I'll stay with you
introducing it wasn't it see look no
smiling yes look shitty yeah yeah that's
not saying it will keep that Barbies
boys club thing thing I'll subscribe or
let's go from this is hard come from
them yeah okay sorry again from whatever
you say Julie comes all laughing hungry
life no no no we're gonna delete all our
videos that's good though so good are so
tell your friends subscribe like and
comment
girls out nobody did say what is so
embarrassing yeah let's do it so bad
listen listen I know if we made a Barbie
challenge you guys are sports right no
no I go beyblades so yeah that's it ok
thanks bye